---
layout: posts
title: Brain dump 2
---

### Brain dump 1 (old brain dump from 04-2020 with checkboxes filled as of today 01-2020)

- [] Work on simple food finder
- [] figure out how to get a lot of menus onto the site in an automated way)
- [x] Work on lifesriber
- [] naming journals
- [] finishing touches
- [] check security policies for journals
- [x] make the swap functionality better because it's confusing
- [x] create an animation to show what the application does and put that on the homepage
- [x] update the homepage
- [x] make it clearer what the application state is
- [x] fix the textbox component?
- [] add custom fonts as a dropdown selection
- [x] Play guitar
- [] practice the fingerpicking for song for sonny liston
- [x] Write in my journal
- [] Work out on the schedule set in Jeff Nippard's high frequency full body program
- [x] Switch to a sifting litter box

I've accomplished a lot this year. Without really reviewing this list, I completed many of these items above. It's okay that I didn't review this regularly. It's not a goals list, I have a goals list. This brain dump is just for me to write down everything that is happening in my head right now so I can clean up my mental space. Thus, a dumping of the brain!

### Brain dump 2

-[] Figure out how to be a developer for myself
-[] Spend some time figuring out what I want to do with my car
-[] Redesign my portfolio site to accurately dspict what I am capable of
-[] I am excited to move to Tampa. It's going to be an adventure for me as I've not lived outside of -Colorado
-[] Buy a nice macbook (or upgrade this one) so that I can code in the living room, at my desk, or on -the plane
-[] Keep streamlining my habits so that I am less distracted (flow state)
